and as a penalty is kicked I do not know me
bored well it's fine I do not know but the
federal or if you know
it's very simple samba when it comes to kicking
a criminal the most important thing is to put the
goal not the most important thing is the look the
nothing if the most important thing is to know
observe the signals that the
archer to matías me not just before
hit the ball the legs of the
Archer tell us which way to go
to throw so we must think fast and
kick to the opposite side
good people I can kick still not
samba another technique that gives good results
is kicking very hard to the highest part
of the arch preferably at the angles
here and here and why because to
reach them
the archer does not just have to guess the
address but you have to jump very
high these shots have 40% more than
chances of becoming a goal that
those that are kicked down
now I understand today I learned how they kicked
criminal thanks to the child who knows everything and
to the federated that are the best
world
it is true federated we are the best
it was not worth
and amazing world
l